Update README.md (#4)
europace/kex-vorgang-api-schema: README.md

# KEX-Vorgang-Import-API

This schema is the basic model for the [kex-vorgang-import-api](https://github.com/europace/kex-vorgang-import-api).

## Usage

> The following example shows the the generation of Java-classes using our schema and gradle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the generation of Java-classes using our schema and gradle. 
```

> For that the folder `jsonSchema` (containing our schema files) needs to be located in the root directory of the project. The generated POJOs are located in `/src/main/java`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For that, the folder `jsonSchema`, which contains our schema files, needs to be located in the root directory of the project. The generated POJOs are located in `/src/main/java`.
```

Author: hmm ich bin nicht sicher ob da wirklich ein Komma hingehört 🤔

Reviewer 2: ich auch nicht, aber ich glaube ja.
